and a sickie find some room Mason a
3-pointer the max leading scorer good
look inside for faulty Saints back into
the zone Turner off lesson in in a foul
Owen source to the record scales
sinks have seven hits the free with the
Purple Eagles Downey very slippery good
looks a whiny a green who lays it in 20
mins a man defense Niagara gets the
quick finally forge ahead which they
have not done the entire game
cool nice look to Anna sicky
sicky instead the junior gets the lay in
the saints definitely had the momentum
on their side three-point lead the back
defense the Saints have proven they can
downey missed the flip shot and a stinky
another double-double lays it in say
early on Niagara was the aggressive
you'll run to run zoo why Nia Greene
lays it in
three are two for shopping lemons
imes attacking nice in a way for Siena
so many guys in foul trouble of going
away
Evans full speed Joseph ballance
physically storm play
by Evan Hymes I'm shrivels through
traffic bounce 1506 your camera
great penetration by heaven Hines who is
definitely fired up pool the right
corner three
the great assist by filed downey
unselfish play by the Saints has led
them to this nine-point lead and a
sickie
spray in a sickie at wanye green called
for his third home run ball to rob bull
racing in ahead of the field
cns team that averages 61 points a game
scored 73 on Friday against Fairfield
they've already got 63 here Johnny 15
for Jamie's coast-to-coast tile down
he's showing some athleticism blowing by
wanye green at the three quarters court
mark
this energy
oh crap off point in any situation you
can tell he saw in a sickie I the corner
of his eye hard to miss that big gold
jersey number one
lodhi finishing around the basket as
well as any player in the country
fired up after that shaft fact that cold
winds for this
Sienna team bitch blowing Darrell
couldn't ask for much more out of these
I these players they have played a lot
of heart saints 170 360 on Friday they
win 7260 here first of all I want to
congratulate OD so monster 2714 I put my
foot rock make some tremendous plays
Kyle oh when you made some great hustle
plays Brandon helped us and I thought we
got great production form or six guys
thought ever you were terrific and the
pressure take your mind 3123 period also
in charge